with the homies this is a 46 and four on
resistance double-double tie the French
map which only reason i like playing it
is because the beginning of the game and
very our brethren I don't know what I'm
the beginning again the french guy goes
somewhat tablete in it entertain me but
I using the gold score which is bitter
bit of a sweaty weapon to go understand
if I want my favorite weapons in the
game but having the ACE yards better to
be honest and it added a pervert but
what did I want to talk about oh it's
Christmas yeah it's nearly Christmas so
yeah I'm gonna be a child what what you
like getting for Christmas comment below
could i'm interested i'm not getting
anything apart from money and i don't
know what what I'm gonna die I'm
actually that out of breath I'm going to
die well should want to talk about hey I
got another I've got a few more Moab so
am I gonna gonna upload them soon and I
don't really try and get Moab so I
probably won't upload them unless you
just feel like when I guess if you want
to see lots of my labs and ask me
because I'll try and get them for you
because but normally I use assaults I
don't really go for my webs are often
but I try to get one the other day and I
got one second game trying I think so
I'll try and get some more mobs for you
if that's what you want to see but I
think you love the fur just good care in
place and also I want to talk about the
new YouTube layout personally I hate it
because ever since he's been out I've
lost about 40 subscribers i don't know
why i think it's just easy to
unsubscribe and i'm guessing they're
just like in active sub so they don't
want to watch my videos anymore but
that's all i can think of can do to do
to do i don't really know what to talk
about what else you want what's up psych
type of game plays you want me to upload
like specialist game players assault
gameplay swear try and get as many kills
as possible or moab gameplays just
comment below or anything you're
interested in seeing
killstreaks or ever things that you
haven't really seen that much of lately
but to be honest you probably have seen
like everything seems again has been out
like a month that's some sad people at
the top the leaderboards well will not
name who have played about 16 days even
though the games been out about 25 which
doesn't actually make sense to me which
he must pay more than 12 hours a day so
every has no legs and no arms and like
you can't go outside or something is
like allergic to the Sun or like I don't
know he's just a very sad man but I've
quite a good feedback on my last video
what you look like listening to so if I
ever upload any like short game plays
and I might i'll use the music that you
like you look like listening to whatever
one had like the most most comments i'll
use that i think quite a lot of people
had quite similar taters love like
reggae some people like like metal but
quite a lot of people didn't like it so
I'm not sure if I should use that but
yeah I'm struggling to think of what to
talk about as a dinosaur noise as a
minute and let's get on modern warfare 3
i'm i'm quite enjoying it more than they
normally do because i've started to do
better but and the other day I've got a
good clip I'm going to upload right over
today or tomorrow it's like it's um it
was in a really close game and it was me
defending the flag but I think this game
this game might be over so it's not
online about it's like a minute left I
really need to learn about what to talk
about in commentaries because I never
really have anything on this go off on
random comments randlett deliver book
did blue random topics and have moments
like that where I have nothing to say so
make stupid noises but you probably
don't want to listen to that so tips on
resistance you're a MOAB and
you're campy i would but if you want to
go from oh I probably easiest one to get
you specialist gone resistance
free-for-all and see the brown near the
sea flag there's like a balcony bit and
you can just camp out with the motion
sensor that's probably when the easiest
ways if you want to get Moab suppose I
don't think mobs are that special if you
use specialist because I think if you
get all the Perkis specialists you're
basically invincible but I don't like
using it because I enjoy getting killed
speaks understand 16 seconds left this
was a hard comedy to do half the time I
was dying out of breath but second
second half I just had nothing to say
but I hope you enjoyed this commentary
even though it was really shit and I
think my mom's listening to me do this
commentary which is kind of weird so out
there by